---
title: Weeknotes 13 - 2026
date: 2026-03-27 10:14:00
---

**The best thing that happened this week**

This week I put [CalAction on the App Store](https://calaction.mijndertstuij.nl/)! Right after it went live I soft-launched it on my social media, including LinkedIn where it got quite a bit of love. I even had the first few sales of my in-app purchase which I think is wild.

Since releasing the app, I haven't sat still and released some improvements already. I cleaned up the UI in places, made sure the Pro features are easier to discover, did some under the hood improvements to the event parsing engine, and added unit tests so I can be confident the core of the app is working as expected.

I haven't done anything like this before and I know I'm not great at selling things to people, but from next week I really need to get a move on with marketing the app. I want to put together a marketing kit and start reaching out to Apple focussed publications. If you have any tips or suggestions, please let me know!

**Playing**

I've been playing [Oh No! UFO!](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3314190/Oh_No_UFO/) this week since a few updates have come out (it's currently in closed alpha). It's getting better and better! If you haven't already, wishlist the game on Steam.

I also caved and bought [Grind Survivors](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3816930/Grind_Survivors/) which is another roguelike (I have a type) where numbers get bigger and bigger and weapons more and more ridiculous.

**Listening**

I didn't get much listening time in this week since it's been absolutely crazy. Maybe next week!

**Random things**

On Monday I attended the funeral of my colleague and good friend who, after a fight with cancer, passed away recently. It was of course a very sad day, but also a beautiful celebration of his life. He was a wonderful person, a great friend, an amazing engineer and a fantastic mentor. He will be sorely missed.

✌️
