---
title: Weeknotes 14 - 2026
date: 2026-04-02 15:18:00
summary: "Easter weeknotes: website overhaul with new layout, projects section, and stats page. Plus gaming, reading Bill Gates' memoir, and training updates."
---

Since this weekend it's Easter and tomorrow I'm off work, I'm posting these weeknotes a day early. Tomorrow the plan is to do absolutely no computer touching. Tomorrow I'll wake up, bring my daughter to school, go for a run, play a video game or read a book and pick up my daughter around noon.

**The best thing that happened this week**

This week quite a lot happened to this website. I wrote about my project creating an [AWS SCP Catalog](https://mijndertstuij.nl/posts/aws-scp-catalog/) which got picked up on HN and some other places.

I also gave this website a bit of a visual overhaul with a refresh of the layout and colors. I also added a new section to show off my projects, used the Mastodon API to show my latest toot, and each blog post now shows related posts making it easier to discover more content. There's also a bunch of under the hood improvements that should make my website easier to index by search engines.

Lastly I added a [stats](https://mijndertstuij.nl/stats/) page where I show the amount of posts, words written, and tags. I also intend to add some stats from Plausible Analytics in the future, but for now this will have to do. No idea if anyone else actually finds this interesting, but I had fun building it.

**Playing**

I've been playing more [Grind Survivors](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3816930/Grind_Survivors/) and I'm trying to dive back into Diablo II on Steam Deck but that game takes up a lot of mental capacity which, at the end of a long day, I just don't have.

**Reading**

I'm currently reading Bill Gates' book [Source Code](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Source_Code_(memoir)>). I'm midway through and so far it's quite an interesting read. He's obviously a controversial figure, but he's also done a lot for my career as I got into computers because of MS DOS and Windows.

**Random things**

- I changed my strength and mobility training regime a bit because I keep having issues with my hip after a long-ish run. I switched to more targeted exercises and so far it seems to be working as I have less and less pain after each run. Fingers crossed I can keep up this form because I've got some big goals for the year.
- Work has been all over the place this week. Lots of small tasks, meetings, and other busywork. I don't really mind it because it's part of my job as a lead, but there's not really progress to report on. Next week should be a more normal week. But I always say that and something will inevitably derail it.

✌️
