---
title: Weeknotes 16 - 2026
date: 2026-04-15 14:12:00
summary: "A proud dad moment at a dance show, running progress, getting hooked on Shelldiver, new Jack White music, and a week off with family."
---

**The best thing that happened this week**

A few things actually!

My daughter was part of a dance show in the theme of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. She did so well and it was very fun to watch. I'm a very proud dad.

My post on [using Render Hooks to generate responsive images](https://mijndertstuij.nl/posts/hugo-responsive-images-using-render-hooks/) got quite a bit of traffic.

I've been picking up running more and so far I have less and less pain in my right hip after a run. Good progress but I'm not yet at the point where I can run as much as I would like to.

**Playing**

I'm currently very invested in an indie game called [Shelldiver](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3862670/Shelldiver/). It's a game where you play as a senior turtle who wakes up in a hammock and has to restore an island by diving and collecting jellyfish and resources. It's what people call an _incremental game_, which means that there's a skill tree to unlock ever increasingly powerful upgrades to make more money faster. It's very relaxing and I find myself going "one more dive" a lot.

**Listening**

Jack White from The White Stripes fame [released some new music](https://open.spotify.com/album/1BUodZgT8bLd2c22axeeJR?si=47lcbdQ9Tk2nz4O-udncfg) and he was also [at Coachella](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ScEdlsksK-E).

**Random things**

- We finally found someone to help with cleaning our house once every two weeks. That's a huge relief for us because I work full-time and my wife has MS.
- I bought a new rubber mat that fits in the boot of my car to protect it from dirt and water. The current one was added by the previous owner and doesn't fit well because it wasn't made for this specific car. The new one fits exactly and it doesn't flop around while driving.
- Starting Friday I'll take a week-long break from work to spend time with my family.

✌️
