---
title: Weeknotes 6 - 2026
date: 2026-02-06 17:14:00
---

The weeknotes are back after a long hiatus. I've been contemplating whether to continue (or rather restart) writing them because it didn't feel right to share all these personal things in a public space. But I think it's important to keep writing them for myself, and if others find them interesting, that's a bonus.

I came up with a bit of a structure that I want to try out. I'm sure it will evolve over time though.

**The best thing that happened this week**

Over the past few weeks I've been quietly building something that I wanted to do a long time ago. It's a small new venture that I named _Upgrade My Cloud_ and I want to use it as a creative outlet for myself. The purpose, for now at least, is to provide a space where I can publish tools and other things that I think are useful for a broader audience. And who knows, maybe it will grown into something bigger in the future.

The first project I made public today is an [OpenTofu/Terraform module](https://github.com/upgrademycloud/aws-scp-catalog) that makes it easy to set up and manage Service Control Policies in AWS. I couldn't fine one that I liked, so I decided to make my own.

I have many more ideas for things that I want to build and share, so stay tuned for more updates on that.

**Playing**

I've been playing [Arcadium](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2352670/Arcadium__Space_Odyssey/) on my Steam Deck quite a bit. It just got released and it's a really fun roguelite space shooter. Very good game, would recommend.

**Listening**

The Arctic Monkeys released a new song called [Opening Night](https://open.spotify.com/track/7HXzuAd8UNJj2yCAS0NWbB?si=6ce0b338c5e94a7e) and it harkens back to their earlier sound, which I very much enjoyed back in the day. After a few long years of vague, arty songs, it's good to be reminded of how good this band really is.

**Random things**

- I went to get a haircut and lost about 2kg of bodyweight in the process.
- I also went to the office for the second time in as many weeks and it was as enjoyable as ever. A few new interns started as well and it's always fun to see their enthousiasm and energy.
- Sam had to go to the vet for a quick checkup and to get his vaccinations updated. He was the best boy.
- At work I've been doing a ton of actual engineering work, which is something I can't always say as an engineering lead. Felt productive!
