---
title: Weeknotes 7 - 2026
date: 2026-02-16 15:04:00
---

A day late and a dollar short I suppose, but just now I remembered I got back to writing week notes.

**The best thing that happened this week**

Wednesday and Thursday I was in Amsterdam for our quartely off-site with the entire tech team. We went to a place for some VR games and just generally had a good time. We also went to a place for drinks, snack and some Petanque which is a game for old people but one I thorougly enjoy. Possibly because I'm almost 40.

**Playing**

My wife bought a second-hand copy of Kirby Star Allies which, according to critics, isn't the best Kirby game ever made as it's a bit too easy apparently. I don't care though, it's a lot of fun anyway and I'm currently trying to finish the entire game. My save game is only at 20% completetion so there's still a lot of fun to be had.

**Listening**

I'm back on a bit of an Artic Monkeys kick as of late and I've been enjoying [this live set](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bn9qohTa4J4) quite a bit. My brain also works well on beats by [Dyalla](https://open.spotify.com/artist/2n5nqJyjPU7aLL0zbDa34D?si=5oM2R7nYQEWr7iFFojOv0A) and she's got a new song out called [Vanilla](https://open.spotify.com/track/5jJIuTrHhaqSXqtHPsrlfD?si=24d0446705764932).

**Random things**

- We hadn't had the best start of the week because some idiot threw a ball at my daughter who was riding her bike, which made her fall off and smash into the pavement. The result was a small crack in her jaw, three teeth came loose, and a lot of blood. Luckily kids bounce back pretty quickly.
- Also a slight issue with the electrical wiring in our house which caused some outages. We're charging our new hybrid (1 phase) car on our very own Alfen charger, but our fuses are already quite full which caused number 3 to blow out when the car was charging and our electric heatpump turned on its backup heater. I hacked myself into the car charger and turned down the amperage to 12A which is a bit slower but gives us some headroom. So far so good, fingers crossed.
- Because of all the above I haven't had any time to work on Upgrade My Cloud. Once things settle down some more I'll get back to that.
